README.md, before:

# LED-Marquee


This project uses 2 Arduino boards to retrieve a custom message that is saved on my personal website server and display it on the LED marquee sign. Here's the steps that are taken to achieve that:

data.txt - This is a plain text file and lives in a folder called /marquee/ on the root of my server and contains whatever custom message I want the sign to display. In future phases, this may contain multiple messages formatted in JSON, but I'm not there yet. For now, sticking with strictly plain text.

Phase1_ESP - This is the sketch that is uploaded to the NodeMCU ESP8266 WIFI board. It is used strictly for communicating with my server via my wifi network to retrieve the custom message. It then holds onto that message in a variable until the Arduino UNO requests it.

Phase1_Uno - This is the sketch that is uploaded to the Arduino UNO board. The UNO is connected to 8 LED strips and also to the ESP. It scrolls/displays a message along the length of the sign, and when the scrolling/displaying completes, it sends a '~' character to the ESP to indicate that its ready to receive the custom message data. The ESP responds and sends it to the UNO, which will evetually do some parsing to ensure it displays properly, then begins scrolling/displaying again, with the new custom message. NOTE: The UNO is already utilizing pin 0 (RX) for one of the LED strips, so it is set up to use the SoftwareSerial library, which allows me to use pin 10 as RX and pin 11 as TX. These of course are virtual RX/TX pins, but they behave the save way the hardware RX/TX pins do. RX/TX on UNO is connected to TX/RX on ESP.


TODO:
1 - Currently on the ESP I'm using readString() to just read everything thats returned from the server, including the repsonse headers. Need to parse/strip those out somehow, since I obviously don't need them. Not sure how at the moment....
2 - Once the UNO receives the custom message text, need to convert it to a char array, so it can be displayed/scrolled properly. Again, not sure how at the moment....

Commit message:

Switched back to using ~ as the special char. Also updated readme

README.md, after:

# LED-Marquee


This project uses 2 Arduino boards to retrieve a custom message that is saved on my personal website server and display it on the LED marquee sign. Here's the steps that are taken to achieve that:

data.txt - This is a plain text file and lives in a folder called /marquee/ on the root of my server and contains whatever custom message I want the sign to display. In future phases, this may contain multiple messages formatted in JSON, but I'm not there yet. For now, sticking with strictly plain text.

ESP - This is the sketch that is uploaded to the NodeMCU ESP8266 WIFI board. It is used strictly for communicating with my server via my wifi network to retrieve the custom message. It then holds onto that message in a variable until the Arduino UNO requests it.

Uno - This is the sketch that is uploaded to the Arduino UNO board. The UNO is connected to 8 LED strips and also to the ESP. When it wants to retrieve the data it sends a special character to the ESP to indicate that its ready to receive the custom message data. The ESP responds and sends it to the UNO, afterwhich I might need to eventually do some parsing/formatting before displaying. NOTE: The UNO is already utilizing pin 0 (RX) for one of the LED strips, so it is set up to use the SoftwareSerial library, which allows me to use pin 10 as RX and pin 11 as TX. These of course are virtual RX/TX pins, but they behave the save way the hardware RX/TX pins do. RX/TX on UNO is connected to TX/RX on ESP.
